   
Contact
Orion Paxley 
Top Skills
C
C++
Java
Languages
Malay  (Professional Working)
English  (Full Professional)
Chinese (Simplified)  (Native or
Bilingual)
Honors-Awards
UNMC High Achievers' Scholarship
Best Society Award 2016/17 
Physical Design Engineer at Intel Corporation
Kulim, Kedah, Malaysia
Summary
Currently working on an Intel's product of the latest technology.
Building in-depth fundamental technical understandings with hands-
on experiences
Experience
Intel Corporation
Physical Design Engineer 
August 2018 - Present  (5 years 6 months)
Malaysia
Assigned to work on the next generation of Data Center product alongside with
a strong existing SD team, empowering the future experience of computing
devices. Tasks mainly include but not limited to implementing the structural
and physical design such as Synthesis, Floor planning , Clock Tree design,
Timing Budgeting and Clock Definition, Place and Route, RC-extraction, Full
Chip Integration. In addition, verification of the structural physical design such
as Power and Reliability Analysis, Functional/Structural Equivalency Check,
Timing/Performance Verification, Timing-Noise Analysis and Layout Design
Rules Convergence are executed.
British Council
Part-time British Council IELTS Invigilator
January 2013 - July 2018  (5 years 7 months)
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Invigilators require high level of discipline and efficiency. Ensuring the order of
the examinations and the logistic requirements are met to the standards set.
Job scopes mainly include distributing and collecting papers, maintaining the
order of candidates and registering them to prevent imposters. 
Levy Restaurants
Drink Runner/ Server Assistant
August 2017 - September 2017  (2 months)
New York 
  Page 1 of 3   
Assisting bartenders and servers to deliver beverages to guests during the
United States Open Tennis Championships. Gained basic knowledge on
variety of alcoholic and non alcoholic drinks. Teamwork played crucial role to
complete tasks precisely. 
Aramark
Cashier and Counterworker 
June 2017 - August 2017  (3 months)
New York
USA Work and Travel Program that provides exposures and experiences in
foreign country. Being independent while opening my eyes to the variety of
cultures prove my capability to have different perspectives. Job scopes mainly
consist of cleaning workstations and serving food to customers efficiently.
Music Society University of Nottingham Malaysia Campus
President
April 2016 - April 2017  (1 year 1 month)
Selangor, Malaysia
Music Society is not an ordinary organisation. Towards the goal of enriching
campus life through performing arts, many considerations are taken to achieve
sustainability. Divided into 5 different departments (studio, choir, orchestra,
events and productions), the variety of the culture and working operations
ensure the difficulty in leading all in the same direction. Complications happen
when segregation among departments exist. This shows the pros and cons in
having a systematic structure of executive team. 
To ensure the team work with passion and teamwork, both autocratic and
democratic leadership need to take place in a balanced way. Being able to
look at big picture while looking closely in their works are ways to maintain
their commitment in a nonprofit organisation. 
Finance is important for sustainability. The ratio for income and expenses on
member's experience is taken care of to achieve long term goals. To remain
competitive in the market of clubs and societies, finding a niche to provide
exclusive services are critical. Thus, we paid attention to the branding to
improve the students' perspective on our society. 
Being a leader in an organisation of more than 300 members, many skills are
required for the betterment of the society. It is indeed the most outstanding
  Page 2 of 3   
experience I have ever had. It was awarded the best society of the year among
more than 80 societies in UNMC. 
Designex 3d Sdn Bhd
Application Engineer Intern
June 2016 - August 2016  (3 months)
Pusat Perdagangan Phileo Damansara 1, off Jalan Damansara, PJ Selangor
1. Assigned to the application engineering department, I worked closely
with the sales & application engineers and supported customers with demo/
prototype printing jobs, customer training and customer support (3D printer
trouble-shooting / repair) activities.
2. Involved in the evaluation of new/current 3D printing software, technical
writing on new model user guides & related documentation, and 3D printer
testing activities.
3. Support specific CAD design activities and evaluation of new 3D printing
materials. 
Education
The University of Nottingham Malaysia Campus
Master’s Degree, Electrical and Electronics Engineering  · (2014 - 2018)
Methodist College Kuala Lumpur
GCE Advanced Level, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry and
Biology  · (2013 - 2014)
  Page 3 of 3