   
Contact
Seraphina Wildwood 
Top Skills
Very-Large-Scale Integration (VLSI)
System on a Chip (SoC)
Innovus
Physical design engineer with various experiences in VLSI
Singapore
Summary
Experienced Semiconductor Engineer specializing in Backend digital
design who spent his early career of 4 years in Intel and learned
most of the clock architecture and planning for CPU design. I have
experience in designing clock mesh with spice simulation and top
clock distribution with specially designed strong buffers. On top of
that, I was able to analyze the timing report and modify the top clock
in order to improve the timing QoR which greatly reduce the effort
needed for the physical design engineer who was responsible for the
APR flow. 
Currently, I worked for Mediatek for 2 years and still counting. My
daily basis is the physical design of the chip and specifically working
on APR and top flow. My responsibility is to convert some logic
relation ( RTL/ Netlist) into physical form ( GDS). In detail, the timing,
power, DRC, ESD, and ERC quality are part of my job to ensure
it stays in a healthy state. Besides that, I am experienced in top
partition planning, which included the shaping of the partition, the
channel estimation for signals, and controlling the number of feed-
throughs for each partition. The top flow or the partition flow required
rich experience in order to solve the floorplan issue from the very
beginning of the project.
I am a quick learner who is able to catch up on new tasks in a
short period and perform it with the least mistakes. With that, I am
a curious person who is willing to spend extra effort in analyzing,
understanding, testing, observing, and making a conclusion for new
tasks I face. To me, keep learning is the way to improve.
Experience
MediaTek
Staff Engineer
November 2020 - August 2023  (2 years 10 months)
Singapore
  Page 1 of 3   
Physical design engineer who guides the team's junior in any APR-related
problems/questions.
Related experiences are guiding interns in finishing a digital macro, and new
hires in converging partition timing and DRCs. 
On top of that, the top's floorplan, block shape, and channel estimation are part
of the daily work basis. 
In order to drive the team into the project closure, a strong physical design
concept is needed when doing the mentioned planning and it is meant to
prevent/reduce any underlying issues ahead. 
The following are the projects involved so far:
1) Power management IC ( UMC 153) 
2) Tablet CPU chip ( N6) 
3) Modem IP ( N6 ) 
4) 2 x RF chip ( N12)
Intel Corporation
4 years 5 months
SoC Design Engineer
September 2017 - October 2020  (3 years 2 months)
Penang, Malaysia
Top clock distribution using clock mesh, super buffer, and custom scripts in
estimating, controlling, and delivering the top clock network for the projects. 
Responsible for topology planning, clock port strategic location planning, top
clock latency controls, physical verification, and signoff simulation which focus
on the clock skews. 
IP involved: 
1) PCIE 4 lanes and 8 lanes 
2) ISP ( top clock with H tree and super buffer)
Graduate Trainee as SoC Design Engineer
June 2016 - September 2017  (1 year 4 months)
Penang, Malaysia
Top clock distribution using clock mesh for Intel 14nm project. 
As a member of a new team on Penang's site, spent most of the effort in
adopting the technology in topology planning, physical implementation, and
timing verification ( skew and latency ) using spice simulation. 
Able to learn and implement concurrently during the project and made no
mistakes in delivering the design.
Tunku Abdul Rahman University College
  Page 2 of 3   
Parttime Tutor
June 2020 - September 2020  (4 months)
Malaysia
Involved in guiding students to learn and understand information technology
from hardware to software. 
Victory Mark Technology Sdn. Bhd.
Product Engineer
September 2015 - April 2016  (8 months)
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
-Prepare firmware for the products
-Provide after sale service to client
Education
Universiti Teknologi Malaysia
Master of Engineering - MEng, Computer And Microelectronic
Systems  · (2016 - 2018)
Tunku Abdul Rahman University College
Bachelor of Science (Honours), Microelectronics with Embedded
Technology  · (2013 - 2015)
Tunku Abdul Rahman University College
Diploma in Science, Microelectronics and Physics  · (2011 - 2013)
SMJK Poi Lam
Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia (SPM), Pure Science  · (2006 - 2010)
  Page 3 of 3